The purpose of Usability Testing is to improve the usability of a product. Through UT, we can observe representative end users using the product to perform realistic tasks while collecting empirical data. UT allows us to see how useful and satisfactory design is, inspect for frustrating aspects, and improve profitability. Through my UT of drugs.com, I wanted to test how easy it was to navigate and find information. One big flaw about I found about the website is that the information provided is not very organized. I also feel like a lot of functions are hidden or hard to see on the front page and subsequent pages. Especially for people who have never navigated the website before, it seemed hard to find specific information quickly and effortlessly. So for the UT, I tested to see how easy the participant felt like it was to find specific information that might be harder to see. 

[View the online UT survey](https://forms.gle/W2rdA9CM32chXA1cA)

[View the pilot test video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1pzmL9x0qk2mkSU--zpWct7G9hWhhcvfh/view?usp=sharing)

From the pilot testing, I learned that there was a lot to improve on Drug.com. I gained a lot of insight from my particiant about how usable the website is. However, there also are some things about this UT that did not go as well. The screen recording program was new to me and I didn't really know how to use it. I figured out how to use the webcam feature, but I did not realize that when I switched screens, it would disappear. It was also hard to find a quiet place on the UCLA campus where the UT would not bother other people as well as other people would not bother us. Next time, I will try to find a better place where the UT will not be disturbed. I also think that my participant didn't always explain their thoughts clearly/enough, but that isn't something that I can controll too much. In the future, I will remind them to speak more out loud if I feel that they are not speaking.
